SMPlayer 0.5.0 release notes.

This document is intented for people updating from version 0.3.0.
I'll try to enumerate the most important changes:

 * New GUI. Now there are toolbars, the control at the bottom is different
   (and it changes if the window is made smaller), the icons can be changed
   (several icon themes are available). In fullscreen mode the floating 
   control that appears when you move the mouse to the bottom of the screen is 
   new too and this time the video doesn't resize when it shows.
 * Configurable key shortcuts. A shortcut editor has been added, it's 
   located at "Preferences->Mouse & keyboard". Please read 
   Configurable_shortcuts.txt.
 * Support for VCD. Now you can also play VCD discs. (This feature doesn't 
   work on Windows, as currently MPlayer on Windows has no support for VCD yet)
 * System tray icon. Now it's possible to leave SMPlayer running in the
   system tray. This feature requires Qt 4.2. It works in Linux 
   (all window managers that implement the freedesktop.org system tray 
   specification, including recent versions of KDE and GNOME) and Windows.
   It's also possible to have this feature with Qt 3, if SMPlayer is compiled
   with KDE support. By the way...
 * Added support for KDE 3. Optionally SMPlayer can be compiled with KDE 
   support. It will use the KDE open dialogs, and there will be an option to
   dock the application in the system tray.
 * Added some new functions, like pan&scan, stay on top, set the size of
   the window...
 * Improved support for subtitles. For instance, now you can load a idx/sub 
   file and you'll be able to select among all languages that the file 
   provides. You can have a mkv file with embedded subtitles, load an idx/sub 
   file (or srt, sub...) and all subtitles will be available. 
 * New translations. SMPlayer 0.5.0 is translated (totally or partially) to 
   the following languages:
   Bulgarian, Czech, German, Spanish, French, Hungarian, Italian, Japanese,
   Georgian, Dutch, Polish, Brazilian Portuguese, Russian, Slovak, Serbian,
   Swedish, Turkish, Ukrainian, Simplified-Chinese and Traditional Chinese.
   By the way, now it's possible to change the language at run-time.

For a detailed list of changes you can read the Changelog file.
